[MUSIC PLAYING]
MATT GAUNT: Surma knows
absolutely nothing
about web push, so asked
me to give this micro tip.
When developers start
working web push,
it's not entirely
obvious how you can test
the logic in your push event.
For example you might send
different kinds of payload
and you want to see how
your push event handles it.
So instead of sending
actual push messages,
here's a simple little
trick to testing the logic
inside your push event.
In Chrome, go to a web site
that's set up to what we push,
open up Dev Tools and
go to the Console tab.
From here you can change
the context from top
to your service worker.
Now after you've done
this, any commands
that you type in will
actually be entered and run
in your service worker.
Now this enables us to dispatch
our own fake push events.
And they'll act just like a
normal push message would.
So for example, we can fake
a push message with no data
by running
self.dispatchEvent(new
PushEvent('push')).
Now this is cool but
it's really useful
when you start
adding data, which
we can do by passing in an
object into our push events
constructor with
a data parameter.
For example, to
emulate a JSON payload,
I'm just passing in
JSON.stringify some data,
and we can see how the push
event would handle this.
Now with this you can start
testing different kinds of data
that you'd actually send as
well as different edge cases,
perhaps like where you're
sending payload that you
weren't actually expecting.
So good luck with your testing
and thanks for watching.
If you're having withdrawal
symptoms of Paul and Surma,
you can watch more
"Supercharged" here.
But if you subscribe
to the channel above,
you can watch a much better show
called "Totally Tootling Tips"
featuring myself and Addy.